mode: full
execution-status: not determinable here. This is not the kernel's own assurance-modes.yaml, so nothing tiphys ships records whether any phase has been delivered under this mode (DR-0020).
merge-authority: delegated-under-conditions
granted-by: DR-0012
pipeline:
  intake
  verification-pass
  plan
  adversarial-plan-review
  implement
  clean-room-review
  fix-round
  fix-round-verification
  merge-on-green
  deploy-verify
  migration-verify
  final-report
skips:
  (none)
gate-sets:
  manifest-self-check
  coverage
  credential-scrub
  credential-token
  suite
  citations
  scope
  deploy
  migrations
  clause-map
  red-witness
  agent-rules-drift
  unit-tests-for-changed-service-methods
  fixtures-for-changed-component-states
review-contracts:
  criteria
  hazard
escalation-bounds (data an orchestrator brief cites; nothing in this release counts fix rounds, detects recurrence, or enforces these):
  max-fix-rounds-after-review: 2
  on-exceeded: fresh-implementer-and-third-contract
  recurrence-of-high-in-one-component: 1
conditions:
  Two independent clean-room reviews exist for the current head, produced on different model families, each written to `delivery/review/` and committed.
  Neither review carries an unresolved finding at high or medium severity. Low findings may be merged with, provided each is either fixed or explicitly recorded as a tracked item with a reason.
  Both reviewers were given the phase's acceptance criteria as their contract, and both walked or executed them. A review that only read is not sufficient for a code phase.
  CI is green on the exact head being merged, not on an earlier one.
  The scope audit passes: changed files are on the phase's files-to-touch list plus the two standing pre-authorized extras.
  Where the reviews disagree, the orchestrator arbitrates with evidence and records the arbitration in the merge commit or in the review file. A disagreement is never resolved by preferring the more convenient verdict.
declared-by: blueprint section 8 (the mode and its pipeline); process doc section 9 item 3 enumerated (R-096); T-003 for the fix-round-verification stage; DR-0012 and DR-0015 for the merge authority actually in force; DR-0016 for the escalation response; T-007 and D-M3-32 for the review contracts.
limits: the mode, stage and role vocabularies in the shipped schemas are this repository's own closed enums, so a document naming any other id is rejected and a consuming project cannot extend them at v0.1.0; whether to open them is an M4 question (DR-0020). This command SHOWS a declared mode: nothing in this release resolves a project into a mode, enforces one, or runs one.
